It's your fault.
Is that you, Ah Kun?
For the sake of so many years of friendship
You let my daughter go
I promise not to trouble you.
Li Lan, don't do this
Are you lying to a three-year-old here?
This little girl is my talisman
As long as you put it in my hands, you won't dare to act rashly
You have disappointed me so much.
Hahaha, I treat you as a brother.
But you didn't have the guts to kidnap my daughter
Don't you think that's too much?
I'm too much of you
All these years
You only see the three of them
Never me
Ah Kun won't deal with it for me even if he has money.
When did you recognize me as a brother?
You've always been like this
Push the blame on others
If you listen to your brothers all in jail
Don't do this
Is it wrong for Red Star to make money?
Ah you stupid woman
Let him do charity
Send out the white silver
What qualifications do you have to be a red star?
Big sister, I'm from
Do you think there is anything wrong with using Red Star's money for charity?
The problem is, after all, this is the right way
Right Path
Expand the right path of the Red Star God of Wealth
If big brother is still alive
Red Star has already punished the world
You don't deserve to be the eldest sister of Red Star at all
Ah Kun, do you really think I don't know?
What are you doing behind my back?
You secretly joined the Zhao family to do evil
Oppress good
You think I don't know this?
You were involved in half of the crimes in the Zhao family
Do you really think you did it flawlessly?
Hahahahaha